[REVIEW] Updating README for config/cli changes (#48)
rapidsai/tpcx-bb: README.md

## NLP Query Setup

Queries 10, 18, and 19 depend on two static (negativeSentiment.txt, positiveSentiment.txt) files. As we cannot redistribute those files, you should [download the tpcx-bb toolkit](http://www.tpc.org/tpc_documents_current_versions/download_programs/tools-download-request5.asp?bm_type=TPCX-BB&bm_vers=1.3.1&mode=CURRENT-ONLY) and extract them:
```
jar xf bigbenchqueriesmr.jar
cp tpcx-bb1.3.1/distributions/Resources/io/bigdatabenchmark/v1/queries/q10/negativeSentiment.txt $TPCX_BB_HOME/tpcx_bb/queries/q10
cp tpcx-bb1.3.1/distributions/Resources/io/bigdatabenchmark/v1/queries/q10/negativeSentiment.txt $TPCX_BB_HOME/tpcx_bb/queries/q18
cp tpcx-bb1.3.1/distributions/Resources/io/bigdatabenchmark/v1/queries/q10/negativeSentiment.txt $TPCX_BB_HOME/tpcx_bb/queries/q19

cp tpcx-bb1.3.1/distributions/Resources/io/bigdatabenchmark/v1/queries/q10/positiveSentiment.txt $TPCX_BB_HOME/tpcx_bb/queries/q10
cp tpcx-bb1.3.1/distributions/Resources/io/bigdatabenchmark/v1/queries/q10/positiveSentiment.txt $TPCX_BB_HOME/tpcx_bb/queries/q18

> cp tpcx-bb1.3.1/distributions/Resources/io/bigdatabenchmark/v1/queries/q10/positiveSentiment.txt $TPCX_BB_HOME/tpcx_bb/queries/q19

Author: Used the wildcard, but moved the copies of the txt files into a subfolder and upload them both to all workers.

## Running the Queries

To run a query, starting from the repository root, go to the query specific subdirectory. For example, to run q07:

```bash
cd tpcx_bb/queries/q07/
```

The queries assume that they can attach to a running Dask cluster. Cluster address and other benchmark configuration lives in a yaml file.

```bash
conda activate rapids-tpcx-bb
python tpcx_bb_query_07.py --config_file=../../benchmark_runner/benchmark_config.yaml
```

## Performance Tracking

This repository includes optional performance-tracking automation using Google Sheets. To enable logging query runtimes, on the client node:
```
export GOOGLE_SHEETS_CREDENTIALS_PATH=<path to creds.json>
```

> Then configre the `--sheet` and `--tab` arguments in benchmark_config.yaml.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then configure the `--sheet` and `--tab` arguments in benchmark_config.yaml.
```

## Running the Queries

To run a query, starting from the repository root, go to the query specific subdirectory. For example, to run q07:

```bash
cd tpcx_bb/queries/q07/
```

The queries assume that they can attach to a running Dask cluster. Cluster address and other benchmark configuration lives in a yaml file.

```bash
conda activate rapids-tpcx-bb
python tpcx_bb_query_07.py --config_file=../../benchmark_runner/benchmark_config.yaml
```

## Performance Tracking

This repository contains support for performance-tracking automation using Google Sheets. To enable logging query runtimes:
```

> conda install -c conda-forge gspread oauth2client

Reviewer: This is probably fine, but the recommended installation process is with pip from the documentation of these libraries.

Author: moved into the conda env file

To run all queries, cd to `tpcx_bb/` and:

```python
python benchmark_runner.py --config_file benchmark_runner/benchmark_config.yaml
```

> By default, this will run each query three times. You can control the number of repeats by changing the `n_repeats` variable in the script.

Reviewer: Looks like we changed this default to run only once, and updated the variable to use all caps since it's a constant
```suggestion
By default, this will run each query once. You can control the number of repeats by changing the `N_REPEATS` variable in the script.
```

We include BlazingSQL implementations of several queries. As we continue scale testing BlazingSQL implementations, we'll add them to the `queries` folder in the appropriate locations.

### Cluster Configuration for TCP

BlazingSQL currently supports clusters using TCP. Please follow the instructions above, making sure to use the InfiniBand interface as the `INTERFACE` variable. Then, start the cluster with:

```bash

> bash cluster_configuration/cluster-startup.sh TCP

Reviewer: Do we want to address the BSQL startup script in this section?
